bpo-44859: Raise more accurate exceptions in `sqlite3` (#27695)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-08-10-00-05-53.bpo-44859.9e9_3V.rst

Raise more accurate and :pep:`249` compatible exceptions in :mod:`sqlite3`.

* Raise :exc:`~sqlite3.InterfaceError` instead of

>   :exc:`~sqlite3.ProgrammingError` for ``SQLITE_MISUSE`` errors.

Reviewer: You might run into https://github.com/python/core-workflow/issues/394 here

Author: Hm, I manually edited the NEWS file after blurb generated it, so I think I'm fine. I did a `make html` just to be sure, and the changelog was formatted correctly.

Reviewer: Confirmed that it works right, I wonder what changed.

Raise more accurate exceptions in :mod:`sqlite3`.

> * Raise InterfaceError iso. ProgrammingError for SQLITE_MISUSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Raise InterfaceError instead of ProgrammingError for SQLITE_MISUSE
```
I don't think "iso." is a widely understood abbreviation.

Author: Yes; it's a bad habit I have. Thanks for catching.

* Don't overwrite BufferError with ValueError when converting to BLOB

> * Raise ProgrammingError iso. Warning if user tries to execute() more than one
>   statement
> * Raise DataError iso. ValueError if query contains NULL characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Raise ProgrammingError instead of Warning if user tries to execute() more than one
  statement
* Raise DataError instead of ValueError if query contains NULL characters
```
